A downside of running a really customized UI setup is needing to copy it across to different characters. Trying to re-do it by hand in-game would suck so hard, so I poked around in the EVE settings files and figured out a way to safely copy what I needed. The process still has a bunch of required steps to do it right, especially if you are dealing with more than just one account and different character. Might be feasible to script most of the process, but I’m not much of a coder. The steps will be written for the Windows 7/Vista file hierarchy, but it should be simple enough to figure out where your settings are stored on either XP or Mac. Everything else should be the same besides directory locations.
Note: Before beginning this BACKUP YOUR SETTINGS FOLDER(S)! – I’m not responsible for people messing up their settings folders and they should be easy enough to restore if something gets royally fucked.
Your settings files for EVE are usually saved under C:Users<username>AppDataLocalCCPEVE<driveletter>_<foldername>_tranquility. Be sure you have already backed up this directory (including both settings and cache) before you do anything else. Looking inside it you should see two folders, cache and settings. Open up the settings folder. There should be a bunch of .dat files with either core_char_somenumber.dat or core_user_somenumber.dat located inside. These are the files we will be renaming in a moment. But first we need to determine which account and character(s) we want to be copying settings from.
Assuming you know which account you want to copy from you need to look-up your API User ID value. That number will correspond with the core_user_<userid>.dat file that has the relevant settings. The two simplest ways to do this are either to login to the EVE site (not linked here due to :security:) and go to the API page or you can grab the info from an app like EVEMon (under Manage Accounts) which has the API info saved into it. That’s piece one. Next pick which character you are trying to copy the settings from and either, a) capture their portrait in-game or b) go to Eve-gate and search them. For the capture go to Libraries>Documents>EVE>Capture>Portraits (this is the default location in W7) and find the right one. The filename (or number as it were) of that picture is the number that corresponds to the core_char_somenumber.dat file of your character. If you are using eve-gate, just search or go to the profile of your character and click on the little zoom icon on the portrait. The bolded part of this resulting URL is your character ID (well, mine in this case) https://image.eveonline.com/Character/706857960_512.jpg. If for whatever reason you don’t see a corresponding file for a given character that means you need to log them in once before a settings file gets generated. Note: Copying character settings also copies the current open channels. Spais you have been warned.  — Though it won’t let you into channels which you do not have access to.
Now we have the two major pieces of info we need to copy the right settings. For this next stage there are probably a few good ways to do it, but I will just outline the method I use. Note: When doing the following it is best to change the files in-order they are listed, in order to avoid confusion.
(For speed) open up both the main settings directory in one window and have the settings sub-directory open in another one.
Copy the core_user_userid.dat and core_character_characterid.dat files that you identified earlier into the main directory (so you should have two folders and two files in there now).
This is the part that sucks – look back into the settings folder and copy the ID value on a different core_user_userid.dat file (be sure you don’t change this actual file).
Rename the file by pasting that number into the core_user_userid.dat file you have in the main directory (so file name core_user_111111.dat would become core_user_22222.dat for example).
Copy that file and paste it back into the settings directory, when prompted to overwrite say yes (or copy and replace as W7 likes to ask).
Repeat for each core_user_userid.dat file you have in the folder.
Repeat the same three steps now for each core_character_characterid.dat file you have in the settings directory as well.
This of course can be done with multiple setups and also replicated across different EVE settings folders if you wish. The basic steps are the same, just copy the renamed files into a different settings directory (e.g. your originals were saved in …c_eve_tranquilitysettings and you copy the new ones into …d_eve_tranquilitysettings instead).
tl;dr version of what I’m doing is just renaming one data file over and over and copying it into the appropriate directory to create a uniform group of settings across all my accounts. The account settings saves all UI window positions, hotkeys, overview setups, and even the default selected character on the login screen. The character settings import largely just preserves channel settings, which is useful if you want to mirror those. Only thing else it might copy that I can tell is drone folders, but I haven’t tested that.