Sponsor Rules

If you'd like to be a newbee sponsor in the Hunger Games, you need to first let me know via forum PM. You will need to provide the pilot name as well as the newbee you wish to sponsor. You are able to choose whomever you wish to sponsor. There are a few rules that we will put in place in order to help make things fair.

You have two options if you would like to be a sponsor: Sponsoring a Particular Newbee or Being Placed in the Sponsor Pool. If you sponsor a particular newbee, you will be removed from the pool of sponsors. If you are in the pool of sponsors, you will be given a newbee to sponsor from our list of available newbees. You can see the current list of Newbees and Sponsors on this page: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AuvksaQ2vpqddE0wU0w4eG5nXzI5SmJKNUQ5UEMtd1E

Sponsors will be allowed to gift one item/stack of ammo/something per event. All sponsors of a particular newbee will have to get together to decide how they want to do the gift, but each newbee is allowed one and only one gift.

Gifts may be in the form of any module or ammo. This can mean faction or complex or officer, whatever you think the newbee can use. T2 modules are not allowed. Modules are limited to one module and ammo stacks can either be one item (for scripts), 3 items (for crystals), 10 items (for cap boosters) and 100 items (for all other ammo.)

All gifts must be approved by the Hunger Games committee. Please forum mail me, Doctor Benway, Kyle Myr, or Kallaystra with the details of your proposed gift. Once your gift has been approved, place it into a small container, name the container with your newbee, and contract it to Annasys (in Goonswarm) with the required fee and the comment "Sponsor Gift". These will be doled out after the booster draft.

All gifts require a monetary payment that will go into the Donation Pool with the name (Sponsor Gift). We will currently do all gifts on a per gift basis. Depending on what is being gifted in these first couple of events, we will make a list of common items and their required isk donation. Remember, all monies in the Donation Pool get split evenly amongst all contestants regardless of whether they win or lose the event.

At this time, there will not be any interference allowed during the event. Future events may allow things such as warping in a logistics for a single cycle of rep or cap or something. These will be discussed by the Hunger Games committee in order to assure that things stay relatively fair.