After looking at a number of different ads, it seems there is something of a trend here on craigslist: people looking for that perfect someone. They are not always very detailed in what they are looking for in a partner, in fact, they seem to think that "good looking", "intelligent", "good natured", and other terms are fit descriptions. I decided to just write my idea of perfection down here, and we shall see where it goes. If you fit the following criteria, please feel free to send me a message:

What I am looking for: 5'5" to 5'11", red hair, green eyes, freckles, glasses, non-vegetarian, slender, college-educated (or at least in college. Please have at least a GED or HSD), thinking about looking for warmer climes, well-read (preference for science fiction or high fantasy. Other genres are also considered.), able to play chess and/or go, avid gamer (video games, arcade games, board games, card games, etc), beer- and wine- lover, musical aptitude (even a basic understanding of how to play an instrument, except the kazoo), must own a car, must have a job (unless in school and school covers all expenses), must be clean, drug/disease free, non-smoking, open-minded, must have the ability to discuss theology or politics, must be able to laugh at yourself, must be able to smile for no reason, must have hobbies, watching some television is okay (unless it is American Idol and/or Survivor. Those are instant disqualifications.), must not be jealous of every single girl in the world, must be able to pack a bag for a random trip in under an hour (surprise road trips are always fun), likes to travel, must be mentally stable, must like children, must like animals, must be able to cook (although you would not have to often), must be open sexually, must be willing to move to random cities just to say you did, and must be able to balance a checkbook.

Again, if you fit the above description, please feel free to contact me. In return, you will have someone in your life that will love you unconditionally as long as you want him to.

If you don't fit the description, and would like to chat sometime, feel free to send me a line also. I'd love to find my idea of perfection, but I have my doubts on that. And nearly perfect is more than sufficient for me.