TNT GLOBAL DELIVERY COMPANY  COTONOU-BENIN
Address: Plot 5, Government residential area
Branch(GRA) Way,Ayaboninsa Avenue, COTONOU-BENIN.
E-mail:tntdeliveryexpresscompany@kimo.com
Telephone (+229 9825 9705)

Good day to you, this is the second notice we are sending to you in regards to your atm visa card left here in our office, we notified you about this few weeks ago but we haven?t heard from you up till this moment. Many other packages, which we are supposed to deliver together with yours had already been delivered to their various owners and yet yours is still here in our company. You can check on our website  http://www.tnt.com/express/generic/en_bj/site/home.html  track with the written numbers below and see those whom we have already delivered; they all have received their shipments in a good condition.

Tracking number: 415459624  ( already delivered )

This is the evidence of the shipments we have already made safely and no complain. Today we brought out some packages abandon here in our office, so that is where we found yours sealed in an envelope. We opened this all to find out is an atm card. Attached to this, is a letter sealed in the same envelope stating that this card worth the sum $2.6 Million US Dollars also that it has already been activated for use.

Reading down on this letter, which explains that the pin numbers of the card will not be giving to any other person but you and it has to be from the bank Oceanic Bank which issued this card. If you wish to speak with the bank to acquire your pin numbers, you can reach the bank on with E-mail:unitedbankforafricabenin1950@ymail.com
Person to contact, Mr. Mike Odili
Phone no: +229 98780262

The pin numbers will be issued to you by this bank; this will be when the card gets to you tomorrow. We had a dispute with the (NICON) Insurance office about your insurance certificate which they demand $150 for that, but now all has been settled. We are happy to inform you that Your ATM CARD is inside one of the CONSIGNMENT BOX we are to dispatch tomorrow.

Since you are having it difficult to raise the $150 needed, the fee is now reduced to $70 for you. So you can now send $70 only to receive your CARD. A tracking number will be forwarded to you upon receiving the fee $70. Our agent will call you once the package arrives in your city then you give him more directions on how to drive down to your house. You will need to sign on the papers which he will present to you once the driver reaches your house. After this, you have to call the bank for your pin# as this can not be send through a mail to you for some security reasons. Note, you can also change the pin numbers if so desire for your own safety.

You are advised to send a total sum of $70.00 via western union to the name of our receiving agent below.

RECEIVER:       NKECHIKWULU RAPHAEL
COUNTRY:       BENIN REPUBLIC
QUESTION:      TODAY?
ANSWER:         YES
AMOUNT;         $70

Send the western union payment information back to us immediately after doing that. We are waiting your urgent respond so we can move out the card earlier today.

Once the card is dispatched today, you should expect the arrival tomorrow. So please we advice you stay and wait to receive the card personally because we won?t like giving it to someone else unless you have an urgent place to attend then you must drop a written note with whom ever you ask to receive it on your behalf.

 MR.FABIAN OKOYE
TNT GLOBAL DELIVERY COMPANY.
E-mail:tntdeliveryexpresscompany@kimo.com
Phone: (+229) 9825 9705